hello again as I wrote on the comments I
updated my team and I think it's now a
really really good team but look
yourself I will start it now
LT make team this time I can show you
more coins than last times I got fifty
four thousand coins and a little a
little bit more matches to show you and
as you see my chemistry is nearly the
same and my overall rating is still s
has grown up 1.84 was on my last team
the story of my new team is I bought
four thousand two hundred points and
bought some premium gold packages and I
was lucky because I got butch image with
87 that means he is the higher rated
version twice I got him twice and I got
I got tae-woo 87 he is left back and
he's a higher rated version then I
bought Microsoft Points again and I got
these good players just watch so my
manager is still Frank Reich at 4:42 and
I will go slowly on the right side to
show you what is my strike a team I got
now Didier Drogba then I got still got
somewhere little Frank Ribery I won't
sell him
I won't trade him he's my favorite
player one of my favorite players then I
got Chhavi Hernandez
I bought him for four for around 40
thousand coins his partner is Francesca
fàbregas then on the right side is still
Malraux coming on easy because there is
no pattern right midfield and on the
Internet
Cameron Cameron easy so now let's see my
defense that is tae-bo 87 higher rated
version I'm proud of him I won't sell
them then I got kolo touré 86 I got him
in the inner cold pack then still Frank
Ross and then I got Chiellini he wasn't
a Premium Gold Package and on the right
side I got Xavier sanity
so my you can see that team now I think
it's really really good Drogba it'll
Ribery Kavi fàbregas come around easy ty
boo collar to Li Frank Ross Chiellini
sanity chemistry it's 80 so now let's
have a look on my on my bank still
Miguel then I got Eric Abidal close
Michelle bastos he's all for trading so
if you want to try him please let me
know but don't offer me play us like I
don't know like like so I won't use
him I got him in package I won't use him
he's worthless to me
but I I know what he's worth online and
I got cool asthma I don't know if I I am
trading him but first of all I have to
rebuild my team
can some still son brother Max Rodriguez
still Bruno Motta's still ollege still
gun barrini and this is another good
card I got Alessandro Del Piero 89 as
you can see I put him from from central
striker I don't know the exact word in
English to strike her
so he's worth more money I made him 89
contract as you can see here then I put
him on for 42 on for 42 so I know he's
not that worth online but for I don't
know why because he's a great player and
okay that maybe it's because he's he's
old to play football but 89 is a good
striker I think my whole team has now
many many contract cards I can show it
to you I got around 290 200 contract
cards with overall rating 90 so plus 28
so drop by has 77 86 78 58:8 eetu 4479
71 37 49
55 4 and 87 so I hope you enjoyed my new
video that this is my new team I want to
buy an Elka but I'm not sure how I can
make this Anelka is worth around 25
thousand coins it's not much for me now
but I want to be careful with my coins I
had 150 thousand coins after I bought
packages and I bought Didier Drogba half
of 40,000 coins he was the cheapest one
he has got for 42 as you can see he
and contract was around 50 and I changed
it to seventy seven forty thousand coins
Charlie was forty thousand coins and
Fabregas also were was forty thousand
coins all for 42 as you can see here for
42 so best possible chemistry with all
that players I am sure if I put Anelka
on this position and drop out on this
position I will have good chemistry
because I'm not guys it's a French guy
and he will perfectly stay with Franck
ribéry
I don't know what to do with it all but
I'm nearly sure I won't trade him so
please do not write anything about him
that you want to trade him I'm really
really sure I won't trade him and if I
want to trade him I let you know so
thank you very much for watching write
comments and have a good day